Extensions (#116)
golemfactory/yagna-docs: extensions/cli.md

we can now type (e.g.)`golemsp xchange usd` in our terminal to run the extension binary.

### Successful execution

1. User executes a `golemsp xchange usd` command
   
   This command is not native to `golemsp`, all arguments are forwarded to the main `yagna` binary.

2. `golemsp` executes a `yagna xchange usd` command

   Command is not a `yagna` built-in, the extension discovery process commences.

3. Extension binary lookup

   This step is executed for each unknown command. `yagna` will traverse each
   [known directory](README.md#designated-directories) to find the `yagna-xchange` file.

4. `yagna` executes a `yagna-xchange usd` command

   All information printed out by the binary is sent to the running terminal.
   The extension is allowed to prompt the user for input when necessary.

### Unknown extension

When an extension binary lookup fails (point 3. above), the user is presented with a help message corresponding to the executed binary.
I.e. `golemsp xyz` will print a message identical to `golemsp --help`, whereas executing `yagna xyz` will print usage of the `yagna` binary.

# Creating your own extension

> Developers are required to build their extension as a standalone binary; the programming language can be of their choosing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Developers are required to build their extensions as standalone binaries; the programming language can be of their choosing.
```

make both clauses plural
